[Music]
hey I wanted to do a quick quick review
this is going to be a review on the LW
Dru lace wig from the shade I don't know
if I'm saying it right but I got it from
elevated styles and I'll put everything
in the description box where you can
order it and so on and so forth
first of all I just got to say I am in
love with this wig this wig has got it
going on look at it
like I was so excited to get this wig
especially because I'm traveling this
weekend and I really don't like doing my
hair when I travel so I really I was
gonna bring Selena with me
I'm a snow pack of Selena but this is
what I really wanted and I'm so glad I
got it right on time
so how did I get to this wig in the
first place well one of my subscribers
nerd mob 920 shout-out to you she sent
me a message referring me to this video
that I can look at because she watched
one of my videos and she saw that I was
having problems with getting a natural
looking hair line for lace fronts I'm
very very apprehensive on the whole lace
front thing so I usually just do the
half wigs and have my own hair in the
front so she referred me to a video and
it was - bridezilla Martina she did two
videos on how to create a natural
looking hair line on your lace front and
let me tell you these videos were so
helpful very innovative ways I mean -
the fact that you can take tweezers and
pull out the hairs and make a more
natural and even looking hair line
because most hair lines are not straight
like most lace fronts are or even like
how to cut the baby hairs in the
so she did all of that and it was very
helpful now that's all good but how I
got to this wig is because she used this
wig for demonstration in that video and
I just fell in love with the wig when
she did the demonstration and she did a
personal review on this wig and I just
had to get it had to get it so I got it
and I love it one of my favorite things
about this wig is the cut the shape of
the wing actually it looks like my cut
but in a longer version so it's kind of
cool that I think my hair is gonna end
up being this kind of shape as my cut
grows out so that's pretty cool so I
love the shape of this wig I'll turn
around for you guys you can see it so I
love this shape so if you do get this
wig I don't think that you need to do
any extra tweaking or anything like that
another thing that I love about this wig
is the fact that it has different hair
textures different curl patterns in the
wig and in the back it has more of a
kinky coily texture more like a for
category and in the front it has more
like a three category so that's great
because that's how most of us are we
have different textures on our head so
it definitely gives it more of a natural
effect because all the curls are not
uniform because I doubt that there's one
natural out there who has like uniform
curls all over so um that's another plus
about it and I just love the fact that I
could just make it big and huge and it
looks like my hair I do prefer this over
Miko one of the ways that I did show you
guys in my first wig video and a lot of
you loved Miko but one thing about Miko
is that it's not a lace front so it had
bangs in the front so if the wind blew
it was just like yeah Wicky so I like
the fact that this is a lace front and
the fact that I'm wearing this as a lace
front so I am very comfortable with
wearing this as a lace front only
because of her techniques
but if it wasn't for her techniques I
probably would make this into a Hathway
just like the rest of my wigs so
definitely go check out bridezilla
Martina and just amazing um she's also
transitioning the natural as well also
muffin is my lovers I'm pretty sure a
lot of you know about her and her wig
reviews so she's she's the one that
taught me about the flesh color stocking
caps for lace front so that you know I
used to wear the black stocking caps but
now that I know about it flesh colored
is the way to go when doing the whole
lace front thing it has two combs in the
fries one comb in the back and I don't
use the combs in the front I just used
the bobby pins on the side to pin the
lace down she did the same thing in her
review so I kind of copied everything
she did so you know the combs can kind
of just tug at the hair and a friend you
don't want that also the wig is a bit
tight it's a bit small it is so if you
have a really big head then it may be
too tight for you but it's pretty snug
it's not snug to the point where it's
uncomfortable for me but I've seen some
reviews where one of the complaints is
that the wig is a little small and stuff
but um that's pretty much it and I think
that I'm going to get this since I'm
wearing it as a full lace I'm gonna give
it in another color I think I'm gonna
play around with some blonde hair with
this wig seriously cuz I I love the fact
that I am wearing it as a full lace this
is a big deal for me guys seriously
because I felt that I would never be
caught dead outside with a lace front
because I don't know what the hell I'm
doing
so again just check out her videos and
check out this wig because I am loving
it loving it I'll show you the hairline
I still have some tweezing to do because
I'm or lace so I need to kind of start
all over again but um
I'm gonna make more room in the front so
that it does look a little bit more
natural and my baby hers I didn't comb
them down but I did make them but I
think I need to make some more baby ears
as well too on the side but um
definitely go check her out and with
curly wigs you can get away with a lot
of imperfections in the front of the
hairline because it's all over the place
so yes I am loving drew and the drew
will be traveling with me this weekend
so anyway hope you enjoyed this video
and I will see you later
[Music]